
PARTNERING TO PROVIDE OPERATIONS STRATEGY & LOGISTICS MANAGEMENT SOLUTIONS TO CANNABIS SMALL BUSINESSES; CRAFTING A VIRTUAL FOOTPRINT DEFINED BY IMPRESSIONS OF EXCELLENCE

 Hemp | IT | Education | Social Reform | Common Good

Y Combinator SUS participant | Top 75k Organization Top 10k Founder Crunchbase | Invite to Pitch SXSW 2020 From Executive Producer | Invite to Apply Top 100 Tech Startups Red Herring | Feasible Dream

- 2020 Goals: 
    1. Launch MVP | Minimum Viable Product 
    2. Hire Team of 12 (Minimum of 4 socioeconomically disadvantaged or formerly incarcerated)
    3. 3 Million in Total Revenue
    4. End of Year Operating in Black 
    5. Establish and foster relations with 
        - State of Georgia 
            - State Department of Labor
            - State Behavioral Health and Development Services 
        - Federal 
             - Health and Human Services | HHS
             - Department of Labor | DOL
             - United States Department of Agriculture | USDA
             - Department of Energy | DOE
             - National Institute of Health | NIH
             - Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Association | SAMHSA
         - Hemp Associations and Roundtable 
        - New Frontier Data 
            - Hemp Business Journal
            - Civilized
            - AI D

- Long-Term Goals
1. Epidemic Ends.
2. Abolish Prohibition . 

ChasingtheWindllc.com | ani-moji brand name: 💨🏃🏽‍♀️🏃🏽‍♂️🌪 | Chasing the Wind with reckless abandon while finding more than mere profit under the sun | An Ecclesiastical Engine | Chasing the Wind, LLC is the legal entity holding all rights to below domains:
---
cannabusinesslogistics.com | cbdtorecovery.com | cannabiscognizance.com | oudcollective.com | RabbitHoleWeb.com 
Total Customer Satisfaction thru Toyota Way Quality Management and Kaizen Leadership Principles email: leadership@cannabusinesslogistics.com| Because MAT and simple SUBoxone SUBstitution is no solution. It's Medical Advertising's  most magnificient move yet. Medical Assisted Treatment and acronym association anagram adspends malfeasant,.malevolent, most atrocious to date. Their worst. An actionable alternative answer to current American Prescribing Practices and recovery from the lasting effect caused by the man-made greed-driven epidemic mess we're currently covered up in; otherwise known at The Opioid Crisis-- An American People Problem of Epidemic Proportions | __Objective__  __Investigative Journalism__ meets the __Cannabis, Cannabusiness, Whole Hemp Health and Wellness__ industry right in line with those  __Twenty Twenty Times.__ Much much more to come from __kanebas kägnazens__ email: TwentyTwentyTimes@cannabiscognizance.com  | Began as a moonshot of a dream while on solo sojourn and __seven year wilderness walk while wild-eyed worrying; wait--wondering while wandering. The  eclectic detective's socially conscientious mental health master peace. Dynamic Model. Static mission: Work without ceasing accumulating wealth while bootstrapping a divinely inspired feasible dream to ultimately help Draft and collective co-pen  The Opioid Epidemic Resolution: Article 05TEN19 email: detective@oudcollective.com | Ecommerce and Carroll L inspired educational resources / daily tab building and real-time informative environment. Want to take a deep dive down White RabbitHoleWeb.com? _Oh My! I'm Late! I'm Late! I'm Late! No time for Goodbye's; Hello. I'm Late! For a very important date!_ Emoji Brand Name: 🐇⛳🕸for ecommerce partnership potential or further information email: DeepDown@RabbitholeWeb.com 


CUSTOMER PROBLEM SOLVED
Logistics continues to be the most overlooked aspect of startups. Case studies & solutions, strategies. Process implementation & Logistics management solutions have always provided for better profits. 
 
In the cannabis industry, this is proving to be an obvious pain point. We believe, if left unattended, logistics, and the cannabis supply chain, will be the grim reaper to growth. 
 
When federal taxation shrinks the profits, and as supplies fail to scale with growing global demand, fleeing to these management principles will be a moot point. 
Chasing the Wind, LLC recognizes this and is ready to assist. Germination starts with education, effective networking, and plowing the land for a virtual garden.
Target Market Client-side: Small to medium-sized startups & entrepreneurs in the Cannabis Industry. 
Targeting both the United States & Canada (The most vulnerable businesses in industry).
Contractor-side: a continuous building of the best network of academics, strategists, managers and service professionals.

Market Size
Business Model
Chasing the Wind, LLC is in business to provide logistics solutions and operations strategies to help the entire cannabis community of cultivators. 
Navigating the challenges of regulation, legislation, and vertical integration; 
identifying, implementing, & improving processes; 
coordinating around-the-clock distribution, and 
managing the day-to-day operations of its supply chain, 
the very items this industry continues to struggle in addressing. 
 
It is our mission to help increase shareholder equity by implementing Total Quality Management solutions and Supply Chain Management Best Practices. . 

Customer Segments
Green entrepreneurs and ganjapreneurs. 
 
The pioneers of the cannabis industry. Green entrepreneurship is partially defined as consciously addressing either an environmental or social problem, through entrepreneurial ideas, with a high level of risk. And they wouldn't have gotten as far as they have if they weren't some of the most business savvy professionals in the world. 
 
ut, these green & ganjapreneurs are becoming overwhelmed with the infinitesimal aspects of managing the logistics behind the scenes. 
 
Not to mention, the growing regulations, federal legislation, and further taxation. 

Key Customer Segment
 
 
All Cannabis cultivation companies and startups interested in remaining focused on fostering Seed to Sale \ Soil to oil. . Putting us behind-the-scenes, 
 
Chasing the Wind, and managing the arduous business of logistics. 
 
Culminating in clear business, and concise, plant-life cycles. 
 
 
Only then could CannaBusiness partners confidently claim, there is no new thing to consider under the sun.

Sales and Marketing Strategy
Create Educational Information for target market utilizing Slideshare and Linkedin network to share.                                                           
Extensive case-study to develop ongoing whitepapers on Canadian and Pacific Coast previous four years and the rebirth of the marijuana market. 
 
Focus:on supply levels, regulatory shortcomings at inception, and the business of the blackmarket; how to wrangle it in and begin diminishing its presence. 
                                                                                                                                
 Stream-lining processes and efficiencies in the current model isn't enough to provide a trusted channel of distribution. Altogether new technologies and logistics management solutions; is the only option. 

The current conditions, with less than half the nation legal, and the success seen in states like Colorado, Oregon, and California are blurring the reality. 
 
Once prohibition is lifted federally, the demand for both recreational and medicinal marijuana will be parabolic while supplies struggle to offset. 
 
Leading to lower quality harvests, inefficient processes, ineffective goods for the consumer, and a real cause for concern. Bottom lines WILL suffer. 
 
Federal taxation will be the catalyst to the catastrophe that's to come.
 
 Operating profitably will be a thing of the past and the market will look to big business for the solution. 
Allowing for the conglomerates to swoop in and reap the rewards; as they so strategically planned. 
 
Developing standard operating procedures, implementing processes and quality control measures, and constructing easy-to-replicate algorithms for cannabis companies to follow, will allow for the growing & cultivation to continue. And provide for that much-deserved return on investment.

Competitors
Competition is the driver that demands efficiency and weeds out the meek. This industry is in incubation, but the demand for the product isn't. The percentage increase in demand is significant but not the problem to consider. 
 
When marijuana was illegal, it was still considered the number one cash crop, in most, if not all states. 
 
We welcome competition; at this stage and always. The need to collaborate is greater than our concern for cutthroat business tactics or better business plans. Also, the established consultants with brand recognition only offer a few pieces to the puzzle. Chasing the Wind, LLC holds them all: education, experience, expertise, established networks, and strategic geographic positioning.

Competitive Advantage
Chasing the Wind, LLC has over 20 years combined operations management, strategy & supply chain solutions expertise. The office headquarters is in Atlanta, Georgia. Sharing the city with its founding partners alma mater, Georgia State University. Hartsfield-Jackson International, the world's busiest airport, is minutes away. Downtown Atlanta also has three major interstate highway systems intersecting with a major rail transportation hub. Just a couple miles north of the airport. And then there's Savannah's port of entry; only a 3.5 hour drive southeast of it all. Making Atlanta the only city in the nation with an infrastructure this complex and fully-developed. This allows businesses and strategically positioned logistics providers a highly coveted competitive advantage. The ability to reach over 80% of US consumers with overnight or next day standards of service.  It's easy to see why Atlanta, Georgia is the logical place to do business.
 The state's economy was once dominated by agribusiness. And its mostly rural farming community, is hopeful, that marijuana legislation will bring them prosperity once again. 
 
Our core competencies are 
Operations Strategy, 
Implementation and 
Logistics Management. 
 
Three strengths require a lifetime of studying specialized coursework and several years of management experience. 
The team we are currently building, and networking for, exemplifies these traits, are natural leaders, take pride in their profession, and have the utmost faith in both medical & recreational marijuana use. 
 
Chasing the Wind, LLC will not sleep until we are considered lifetime partners in industry, collaborators, and co-authors of the Canna-Business Logistics space.
We are always on the lookout for like-minded humans that offer invaluable expertise and or specialized skill sets. Folks as enthusiastic as they are knowledgeable about the cannabis space, and their respective field.

